
Flutter & Dart - The Complete Guide [2020 Edition]
Current price₹360
DescriptionDescription

The entire course was completely re-recorded and updated - it's totally up-to-date with the latest version of Flutter!

With the latest update, I also added Push Notifications and Image Upload!

---

Join the most comprehensive & bestselling Flutter course and learn how to build amazing iOS and Android apps!

You don't need to learn Android/ Java and iOS/ Swift to build real native mobile apps!

Flutter - a framework developed by Google - allows you to learn one language (Dart) and build beautiful native mobile apps in no time. Flutter is a SDK providing the tooling to compile Dart code into native code and it also gives you a rich set of pre-built and pre-styled UI elements (so called widgets) which you can use to compose your user interfaces.

Flutter is extremely trending and gets used for major Google apps like their Adwords app - it's now marked as "ready for production", hence now is the time to jump in and learn it!

This course will teach Flutter & Dart from scratch, NO prior knowledge of either of the two is required! And you certainly don't need any Android or iOS development experience since the whole idea behind Flutter is to only learn one language.

You'll learn Flutter not only in theory but we'll build a complete, realistic app throughout this course. This app will feature both all the core basics as well as advanced features like using Google Maps, the device camera, adding animations and more!

With Flutter, you'll be able to write code only once and ship your apps both to the Apple AppStore and Google Play.

Use Google's Material Design to build beautiful, yet fully customizable, apps in no time with almost zero effort. You can use the rich widget suite Flutter provides to add common UI elements like buttons, switches, forms, toolbars, lists and more - or you simply build your own widgets - Flutter makes that a breeze, too.

Here's what's included in the course:

Detailed setup instructions for both macOS and Windows

A thorough introduction to Flutter, Dart and the concept behind widgets

An overview of the built-in widgets and how you may add your own ones

Debugging tipps & tricks

Page navigation with tabs, side drawers and stack-based navigation

State management solutions

Handling and validating user input

Connecting your Flutter app to backend servers by sending Http requests

User authentication

Adding Google Maps

Using native device features like the camera

Adding beautiful animations & page transitions

Image Upload

Push Notifications - manual approach and automated

How to publish your app to the app stores

And more!

This course is for you if ...

You're interested in building real native mobile apps for the two most popular mobile platforms - iOS and Android

You want to explore the full set of features Flutter offers

Don't want to spend hours learning two completely different languages

Course prerequisites:

Basic programming language knowledge will help a lot but is not a hard requirement

You DON'T need to know Flutter or Dart

You DON'T need to know iOS (Swift/ObjectiveC) or Android (Java)

---

As mentioned above, the course was updated from scratch - old, now obsolete content (~25h) is temporarily kept around for existing students ([LEGACY] sections) and will eventually be removed.

Who this course is for:
Beginner and experienced developers who are interested in diving into mobile app development using one language for both platforms
Experienced iOS or Android developers who want to build cross-platform (iOS + Android) apps with one single programming language