
The Complete Cyber Security Course : Hackers Exposed!
Current price₹360
DescriptionDescription

Learn a practical skill-set in defeating all online threats, including - advanced hackers, trackers, malware, zero days, exploit kits, cybercriminals and more.

Become a Cyber Security Specialist - Go from a beginner to advanced in this easy to follow expert course.  

Covering all major platforms - Windows 7, Windows 8, Windows 10, MacOS and Linux.

This course covers the fundamental building blocks of your required skill set - You will understand the threat and vulnerability landscape through threat modeling and risk assessments.

We explore the Darknet and mindset of the cyber criminal. Covering malware, exploit kits, phishing, zero-day vulnerabilities and much more.

You will learn about the global tracking and hacking infrastructures that nation states run. Covering the NSA, FBI, CIA, GCHQ, China’s MSS and other intelligence agencies capabilities.

You will understand the foundations of operating system security and privacy functionality. A close look at the new Windows 10 privacy issues and how to best mitigate them.

There is a complete easy to follow crash course on encryption, how encryption can be bypassed and what you can do to mitigate the risks.

Master defenses against phishing, SMShing, vishing, identity theft, scam, cons and other social engineering threats.

Finally we cover the extremely important, but underused security control of isolation and compartmentalization. Covering sandboxes, application isolation, virtual machines, Whonix and Qubes OS.

This is volume 1 of 4 of your complete guide to cyber security privacy and anonymity.  

Who this course is for:
This course is for anyone who wants to become an expert in security, privacy, and anonymity. This volume covers the required foundation building blocks of that skillset.
For anyone who would love to gain a practical skillset in mitigating the risk from, malware, Trojans, hackers, tracker, cyber criminals and all online threats.
This course is for anyone who wants to keep their precious files, emails, accounts and personal information out of the hands of the bad guys.
For beginners and intermediate Internet users who are interested in security, safety, and privacy.
For those who want privacy and anonymity online from hackers, corporations and governments.
This course is designed for personal and home Internet security, privacy, and anonymity. Most of the topics apply in the same way to a business, but the course is delivered as if to an individual for personal Internet security, privacy and anonymity.