
The Complete 2020 Flutter Development Bootcamp with Dart
Current price₹360
DescriptionDescription

Welcome to the Complete Flutter App Development Bootcamp with Dart - created in collaboration with the Google Flutter team.

Now includes a brand new module on Flutter State Management!

Covering all the fundamental concepts for Flutter development, this is the most comprehensive Flutter course available online.

We built this course over months, perfecting the curriculum together with the Flutter team to teach you Flutter from scratch and make you into  a skilled Flutter developer with a strong portfolio of beautiful Flutter apps.

Our complete Flutter development bootcamp teaches you how to code using Dart and build beautiful, fast, native-quality iOS and Android apps. Even if you have ZERO programming experience.

I'll take you step-by-step through engaging and fun video tutorials and teach you everything you need to know to succeed as a Flutter developer.

The course includes 28+ hours of HD video tutorials and builds your programming knowledge while making real world apps. e.g. Whatsapp, QuizUp and Yahoo Weather.

By the end of this course, you will be fluently programming in Dart and be ready to build your own Flutter apps and become a fully fledged Flutter developer.

You'll also have a portfolio of over 15 apps that you can show off to any potential employer.

Sign up today, and look forwards to:

Over 28 hours of HD 1080p video content, everything you'll ever need to succeed as a Flutter developer.

Building over 15 fully-fledged apps including ones that use Firebase Cloud Firestore, StreamBuilder, ListView, networking, external APIs and much much more.

All the knowledge you need to start building any app you want

$8000+ Flutter development bootcamp course materials and curriculum

From Beginner to Flutter Developer with Just One Course

We know that you're here because you value your time. If you wanted to watch someone program for hours and hours without explaining what they're doing, you'd be on YouTube. 

By getting this course, you can be rest assured that the course is carefully thought out and edited. There are beautiful animations that explain all the difficult concepts and we're always on hand to answer student questions.

So by the end of the course, you'll completely understand:

Fundamental Flutter concepts e.g. Stateful vs. Stateless Widgets, Widget tree, state management, animations, themes and much more.

Fundamental Dart concepts e.g. lists, maps, enums, loops, futures, streams, mixins, classes, and much more.

Concepts of Object Oriented Programming (OOP): The type system, variables, functions and methods, inheritance, classes and protocols.

Control Structures: Using If/­Else clauses, Switch statements and logic to control the flow of execution.

Data Structures: How to work with collections, such as Lists and Maps.

Software Design: How to organise and format code for readability and how to implement the Model ­View­ Controller (MVC) design pattern.

Networking: How to make asynchronous API calls, store and retrieve data from the cloud, and use the JSON format for server communication.

Data Storage: How to use Firebase Cloud Firestore to act as a backend for your Flutter apps.

Authentication: How to use log in and register users for your Flutter apps.

State Management: How to use setState, prop drilling, lifting state up, callbacks and the Provider package to manage app state.

Don’t waste your time

Don't waste another minute of your precious life on poor quality videos on YouTube. Or instructors who you can't understand. Or teachers who have no real world in-person teaching experience. Your time is precious. Take this course and find out why everybody is raving about it and why over 35,000 students rated my courses 5 stars!

Don't waste your money

Inside this course, you're getting exactly the same course materials and curriculum as our 12 week in-person programming bootcamp. Instead of spending $8000+ dollars and taking time off work, save loads of money by getting this course and do it at your own pace!

Don't just take my word for it, see what my past students had to say about my courses:

"Angela is literally my favorite teacher. Ever. In the entire universe. She is hilarious and teaches in a lighthearted and fun way that is also very clear to understand. I instantly purchased this course as soon as I saw it was released because I know Angela delivers the highest quality educational content possible. 100% recommend this course (as well as every other course she's created). Thank you Angela for helping me as I make a career pivot into becoming a hybrid UX designer/mobile developer!" - Jacob Pernell

"Angela is my favorite Udemy professor for coding courses. Her methods for building onto the material so that you're never progressing too fast or too slow make for a really engaging learning experience. She's thorough in her explanations, and uses fun projects to discuss the material. I had started a couple other Flutter courses before finding this one, and I've progressed more in 24hrs than I did in a week with the other courses. Would love an advanced Flutter course from Angela to tackle once I'm done with this one!" - Jerome Llouche

"You will not find a better teacher than Angela. She does a wonderful job of encouraging you to learn swift the right way. I want to encourage everyone thinking about taking this class to get it, as it is the BEST programming class I've seen on anywhere and I've tried more than a few of them. If you are looking for an excellent swift programming course, stop there here because you have found it. You will learn Swift from the very beginning of programming all the way through making your own apps that you can upload to the App store." - Ian Hopjins

"SO GOOD!!! Retention rate is incredible because Angela does a great job in explaining and teaching every aspect of what we are doing. Most of the other instructors on Udemy put code on the screen and pretend nothing happened. This course is amazing! 5/5" - Muhammad Ibrahim

"Angela is a spectacular teacher!" - Marco Zanirato

"This course was terrific. Only after taking a few more courses from others that I realized how good this course was. This course taught me more than I was expecting, it provided great instructions and a lot of hands-on tasks to drill-in the concept." - Marc

"Best use of your money! I was a complete beginner but Angela made me a pro in weeks." - Burak Tunçbilek

"IT IS #1!!!!!!!!! Absolutely Amazing. The best iOS course i have ever taken. Angela explains everything the way it needs to be explained, so everything is easily understood. The concept of this course is built to make you learn, not just watch and repeat. Angela is highly educated and it is very much noticeable during the entire course. Again, it is fantastic. Thank you. Please create more courses!!!!!" - Eduard Khachian

Are you trying to choose between all the different Flutter courses on Udemy? Take a look at what students on my course had to say about this:

I have revamped my expectation for what a 5 star course should be for Udemy. Angela, you're awesome! I already rated the course as 5 stars early on (at about 20% completion), but after completing roughly 70% of the course, I can say this is my favourite Udemy course as of today. Brilliant course Angela! - Alberto L

"I took a lot of courses on Udemy and elsewhere and non of them were as clear and perfectly paced as this one! Angelas approach is really awesome, deep and clear." - Žan Fras

"I have taken several iOS courses, so far this course had the best explanation on swift and xcode documentation. The lecturer is kinda humorous sometimes which make this course even more enjoyable." - Bryan Pukanda

"I have taken lots of courses on udemy and elsewhere for self learning and i can tell you with all the honesty this is one course which i did not want it to end. It is like one of those movies that you wish keeps going. Whatever concepts are covered were covered very beautifully and made learning quite simple. I got so many answers to Why? in this course like how closures work and why they work that way... why delegates work that way. Thank you so much for this course." - Arun Lakhera

"I compare this to another top iOS class on Udemy, but I think that this one beats it. The reason? Angela doesn't show you a plethora of material and then say that we will discuss this later, or say "just do this. You will see why later." She goes into the reason for doing something before doing it."  - Clyde Addison




REMEMBER… I'm so confident that you'll love this course that we're offering a FULL money back guarantee for 30 days! So it's a complete no-brainer, sign up today with ZERO risk and EVERYTHING to gain.

So what are you waiting for? Click the buy now button and join the world's best Flutter development course.

Who this course is for:
If you have never programmed before, then take this course to learn Dart and build iOS and Android apps.
If you know how to code, but are new to mobile development, then take this course to build apps with just one codebase.
If you are a native app developer, then take this course to see how much time you can save building native-quality iOS and Android apps with Flutter.
If you've tried Flutter before, then take this course to get a comprehensive curriculum that covers all the important aspects of Flutter development