
The Complete Cyber Security Course : End Point Protection!
Current price₹360
DescriptionDescription

Learn a practical skill-set in securing laptops, desktops and mobile devices from all types of threats, including, advanced hackers, trackers, exploit kits, thieves and much more.


On this course we cover end-point-protection, which is an extremely important and hot topic in cyber security right now!


Become a cyber security specialist - Go from a beginner to advanced in this easy to follow expert course.  

Covering all the major platforms Windows, MacOS, Linux, iOS and Android.


Master the selection and implementation of solid disk encryption technology to protect devices from disk decryption attacks.

Understand the current and next generation anti-virus solutions, how they work, how to select the best products and how to implement them successfully. 

Covering traditional end-point-protection technologies through to next generation and future technology; application control, execution prevention, machine learning and Artificial Intelligence.

Learn how we can detect and monitor for threats such as malware and hackers through the use of security through deception and detection technologies.

We have fun learning how to seek and destroy system resident malware and hackers. Get up to speed on your hacker hunting!

Learn how to perform operating system hardening to decrease the attacker surfaces of your devices to make them safer. 

Explore the best techniques in anti-forensics to securely delete data and meta-data so that it is unrecoverable by even computer forensics experts.

Plus there is more. We end by looking the extremely important topic of email and messenger security.  Email has natively poor security, but in this course, I teach you how to overcome those weaknesses and fully secure your communication.

This is volume 4 of 4 of your complete guide to cybersecurity, privacy, and anonymity. 

Who this course is for:
This course is for anyone who wants to become an expert in security, privacy, and anonymity.
The ideal student for this course is technically minded with an interest in how hackers hacker, how trackers track and what you can do to stop them.
For those who want privacy and anonymity online from hackers, corporations and governments.
For those interesting in the latest trends in cyber security and protection of end-points.