
The Beginners Guide to Cyber Security 2020
Current price₹360
DescriptionDescription

I know why you are here. You are an intelligent and curious guy always searching words like firewalls, encryption, viruses and malware sound but couldn't get a satisfactory answer but don't worry we have a course right for you  that teaches you all the basics of both information and cyber security in a fun relaxed manner. This course is made in such a way  that it fits absolutely perfect for you. 

It doesn't matter if you don't know anything about cyber security, because this course will help you understand what it's all about.  Even if you know the basics, you might still discover tips and tricks that really make a difference.

So if you love gadgets, apps and everything that the Internet has to offer - you need this course!

Remember: in the online world, with great opportunities come great threats as well.

This course serves as an introduction to the exciting field of cyber security.

As our daily lives become more and more dependent on Internet-based tools and services, and as those platforms accumulate more of our most sensitive data, the demand grows for experts in the field of cyber security.

In this course, you will gain an overview of the cyber security landscape.

PERFECT FOR COMPLETE BEGINNERS

This course is intended primarily for students who have little to no prior background or knowledge about the field of cyber security. 

What will you learn

SECTION 1 (CYBER SECURITY COURSE) & SECTION 2 (CYBER SECURITY COURSE) will cover basic terminologies and hacking methodology and also learn about grey,blue,black,red,white hat hackers.

SECTION 3 (CYBER SECURITY COURSE)

Phishing

Brute Force Attack

DoS & DDoS Attacks

Bots and Botnets

SQL Injection

LDAP Injection

MITM

URL Spoofing

IP Spoofing and much more

Then moving forward we will learn about Malware their types like viruses, trojan , spywares, ransomware etc. in SECTION -3 (CYBER SECURITY COURSE).

SECTION 4 (CYBER SECURITY COURSE)

Antivirus

DMZ

Encryption

HoneyPots

2FA ( 2 Factor Authentication )and much more


AND ALSO THERE IS A SMALL GIFT/SURPRISE  FROM MY SIDE IN HERE ( You will love it !!!! )

JOB OUTLOOK

Exciting career opportunities as security analyst, security engineer, security architect, forensics investigator, cybersecurity specialist, and more!

Cyber security positions are expected to rise 6 million globally by 2019 (source: Forbes, January 2016)

If you are already in the IT field, expect a 9% raise in pay for security expertise (source: Forbes, January 2016)

Median salary for information security analyst for 2015 is $90,000 (source: US Bureau of Labor Statistics)


THE DEMAND FOR  CYBER SECURITY EXPERTS IS INCREASING AT A VERY HIGH RATE  !!!!!!!!

THEY ARE SEARCHING  EXPERTS LIKE YOU ......




This course will prove to be a steeping milestone in your cyber security & Ethical hacking career and by the end of this course you would be familiar with so many terminologies and would have gained sufficient knowledge that can help to jump start your career as an information security professional.  

      So, what are you waiting for??????? Enroll now and fulfill all your dreams.

       Dhabaleshwar










Who this course is for:
I created this course for everyone who wants to learn how to stay safe online.
Students who want to learn the basics of computer and cyber security.
Students who want to become IT or Cyber Security Experts.